doc: Simplify instructions on how to generate release notes DOCS-50 (#689)
codacy/chart: RELEASE.md

-   [ ] 10. Generate release notes

    Run the makefile target `get_release_notes` to automatically generate the release notes for the new version:

    ```bash
    make get_release_notes
    ```

>     After the makefile target runs successfully, open the pull request that is created at the end of the process and add the Technical Writer, the QA team, and all relevant stakeholders as reviewers of the pull request.

Reviewer: Hope this helps: https://github.com/codacy/docs/pull/726 🙏

Author: Very cool idea, thanks! :raised_hands:

This part can now be simplified:

```suggestion
    After the makefile target runs successfully, open the pull request that is created at the end of the process and add all remaining relevant stakeholders as reviewers of the pull requests.
```
